Super heavy weapons (#14)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/special-rules/pages/macro-weapon.adoc

---

> When you shoot with a {macro-weapon}:
> 
> * Specify whether you will target Infantry units or Vehicle units in the target detachment.
> * For each {macro-weapon} shot, roll a D6. If you roll a 4+, the target detachment suffers a hit regardless of Armour values and regardless of cover.
> * Allocate {macro-weapon} hits as you would for regular Firepower, but allocate only to the nearest units of the type that you specified.
> 
> NOTE: If shooting at a War Engine detachment, you do not need to specify a unit type.

Reviewer: I have something like this in mind, but it's a bit different to all the others -- so I think it prudent to see what you think in case you can see flaw in the rules logic:

```suggestion
When you make one or more {macro-weapon} shots:

. Specify whether you will target Infantry units or Vehicle units in the target detachment.footnote:[To be clear, you can target a War Engine detachment, and then of course you do not need to specify a unit type as there is no mix.]
. For each shot, roll a D6.
Each 4+ that you roll is a hit -- armour and cover make no difference.
. Allocate the hits as you would for regular Firepower, but only among units of the type that you specified.
```

(As an aside, in case you're wondering: These things are somewhat subjective, but I feel that a note is a bit strong and 'noisy' for such an incidental clarification -- so I favour a less obtrusive footnote instead.)

Reviewer: I've applied something close to this in my latest commit — but of course, do comment on it latest if you think that I've introduced a potential or actual issue in the rules logic.
